---
title: "Privacy Notice"
layout: "base.njk"
team: "None"
---

# Privacy Notice


The University of Glasgow will be what’s known as the ‘Data Controller’ of your personal data processed in relation to your use of this website. This privacy notice will explain how The University of Glasgow will process your personal data. This notice does not cover the links within this site to other non-University sites nor the content of external internet sites.

WHY WE NEED TO USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
-------------------------------------

We are collecting your personal data in order to provide this website to you. We will only collect data that is necessary for this purpose.

WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT
--------------------------------

### Log files

The website does not automatically capture or store personal data from visitors to the website, other than to log your IP address and session information. Session information includes the time and duration of your visit to the site, the files requested, and the browser used. This information will only be accessed by authorised persons of the University or its agents. The information will be retained by the University and will only be used for the purpose of (a) managing the site system, (b) the identification of broken links, and (c) for statistical and audit purposes.

### Web forms

You may occasionally be asked to provide personal information to gain access to specific services within the website. The processing and retention of this information will be explained at the point of collection.

### Cookies

Cookies are small text files placed on your device by the web server via your browser, and may be used to collect information to help identify you and prepare customised pages for you. Cookies may remain on your computer either for the duration of the session or indefinitely. You can configure most standard web browsers to refuse cookies.
Occasionally, we give users the opportunity to save settings for viewing pages. This involves the setting of a cookie. We do not track such cookies.

Information on cookies can be obtained from www.allaboutcookies.org.

### Google Analytics

The University and our authorised agents make use of Google Analytics to produce anonymised statistics on website usage: to help us to improve our site and the experience of our users. Google Analytics uses cookies in this process. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. All data collected is anonymised.

LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
------------------------------------

We must have a legal basis for processing all personal data. In this instance, the legal basis is:

*   Contract (to provide this website to you)
*   Consent (for cookies)

WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
------------------------------

*   We have engaged the services of SiteGround Hosting Limited (“SiteGround”) to host the website. We have entered into a data processing agreement with SiteGround, which can be viewed at https://www.siteground.co.uk/viewtos/data_processing_agreement?scid=2&lang=en_GB which describes how SiteGround processes your data in order to provide the hosting service for the website, including how SiteGround processes your data outside of the UK.
*   Any personal information you share publicly on the website should be regarded as being shared publicly worldwide.

HOW LONG DO WE KEEP IT FOR
--------------------------

Your data will be retained by the University for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose. After this time, data will be securely deleted.

WHAT ARE YOUR [RIGHTS](https://www.gla.ac.uk/myglasgow/dpfoioffice/gdpr/datasubjectrights/)?\*
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You have the right to:

*   be informed as to how we use your data (via this privacy notice)
*   access or request a copy of the data we hold about you (see below)
*   opt out of specific types of processing
*   ask us to remove your data from our records (see below)
*   withdraw consent, where it is used as a legal basis for processing.

You can request access to the information we process about you at any time. If at any point you believe that the information we process relating to you is incorrect, you can request to see this information and may in some instances request to have it restricted, corrected or, erased. You may also have the right to object to the processing of data and the right to data portability.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please submit your request via the webform or contact dp@gla.ac.uk.

\*Please note that the ability to exercise these rights will vary and depend on the legal basis on which the processing is being carried out.

COMPLAINTS
----------

If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact the University Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter.

Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at dataprotectionofficer@glasgow.ac.uk

If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/